Update understanding.rst (#197)
dashpay/docs: docs/user/masternodes/understanding.rst

<http://178.254.23.111/~pub/Dash/Dash_Info.html>`_ for various real-time
statistics on the masternode network.

> High-Performance Masternodes (HPMNs)

Reviewer: Currently the right-side navigation is weird due to how the heading levels are structured. Let's add a new heading called "Overview" just below the "Understanding Masternodes" one at the top of the document. That heading should be underlined with "=" characters. This should fix the right-side nav issue we introduced.

------------------------------------

High-Performance Masternodes (HPMNs) are a subset of Masternodes that have 
been created to host the Dash Platform. An HPMN is a lot like Masternodes 
with three main differences:

- A dedicated IP address: These usually come with the VPS/server.
- The collateral to own an HPMN is 4000 Dash as opposed to 1000 Dash 
for regular masternodes.
- The recommended specs for HPMNs are higher than those for 
regular masternodes.
- HPMNs serve Platform along with Core, while regular masternodes 

> only serve Core.

Reviewer: This still doesn't render properly as a bulleted list. Also, please see the original comment about changing this to a table instead of a bulleted list: https://github.com/dashpay/docs/pull/197#discussion_r1101740578

<http://178.254.23.111/~pub/Dash/Dash_Info.html>`_ for various real-time
statistics on the masternode network.

High-Performance Masternodes (HPMNs)
------------------------------------

> High-Performance Masternodes (HPMNs) are a subset of Masternodes that have 
> been created to host the Dash Platform. An HPMN is a lot like Masternodes 
> with these differences:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
High-Performance Masternodes (HPMNs) are a subset of masternodes that have 
been created to host Dash Platform. An HPMN is a lot like a regular masternode
with the following differences:
```

+----------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
|                | Masternode                        | HPMN                                                |
+================+===================================+=====================================================+
| Collateral     | 1000 DASH                         | 4000 DASH (4X the collateral for normal masternodes)|
+----------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Specs          | Lesser than HPMN                  | Higher than normal masternodes                      |
+----------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| Service        | Only Dash Core                    | Both Dash Core and Platform                         |
+----------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

> | Voting Weight  | 1 node gets 1 vote.               | Has 4 times the voting power of a normal masternode |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Voting Weight  | 1 node gets 1 vote                | Has 4 times the voting power of a normal masternode |
```

> +----------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

Reviewer 2: I think this table would make more sense by having the left column specify actual values (1000 Dash, 1 node 1 vote) and the right column specify the difference `4x masternode collateral (4000 Dash)`, rather than have each column compare against the other. The current description implies that any value differing by a factor of 4 would be sufficient, e.g. 200 & 800 Dash collaterals.

Author: Hey @strophy we decided to not specify the collateral (1000 DASH) since it could change. That's why it has been worded like that. I will change the voting thing though.

 CC @thephez

It should be possible to run Dash masternodes on normal VPS servers
until the block size reaches approximately 20 MB, after which custom
hardware such as GPUs and eventually ASICs may be required.

High-Performance Masternodes (HPMNs)

> --------------

Reviewer: Note: heading underlines should extend under the entire heading

High-Performance Masternodes (HPMNs) are a subset of Masternodes that have 
been created to host the Dash Platform. An HPMN is a lot like Masternodes 
with three main differences:

- The collateral to own an HPMN is 4000 Dash as opposed to 1000 Dash 
for regular masternodes.
- The recommended specs for HPMNs are higher than those for 
regular masternodes.
- HPMNs serve Platform along with Core, while regular masternodes 

> only serve Core.

Reviewer: This doesn't render as a bulleted list.

HPMNs will provide all the services for Dash Platform. Regular 
masternodes will not perform any Dash Platform services. In Dash Core 
quorums, HPMNs will act just like regular masternodes. In the DAO, they 

> will have 4 times more voting power due to their collateral being 4 times greater.

Reviewer: I think it could be helpful to introduce HPMNs earlier on the page. I'm thinking adding a "Types of Masternodes" section just before the "DIP003 Masternode Changes" section would be good and shifting this part of your additions there (and incorporating the table idea from the other PR).

HPMNs will receive 100% of the fees generated from Platform and 37.5% of 
the masternode portion of Core block rewards. Regular MNs will receive the remaining 

> 62.5% of the masternode portion of Core block rewards and 0% of Platform fees.

Reviewer: Let's move this part to the "Payment logic" section of the page

Because the reward distribution percentages are fixed, the number of HPMNs is 
expected to stabilize around a fixed number based on the total number of 
masternodes (considering the current number of ~3850 Masternodes, ~450 HPMNs 
are expected). This is because if there are more than that fixed number of HPMNs, 
running a regular MN will be more profitable than running an HPMN, and hosts will convert 

> their HPMNs into MNs. 

Reviewer: This part would probably go best with the first couple paragraphs (in the new section)?
